ah what are you gonna say it sounds
awesome
this is a Gibson Custom Shop Wes
Montgomery l5 CES ladies and gentlemen
the serial number of this guitar is one
zero eight four three zero zero three
weighing in at seven point nine six
pounds in the natural this one's got a
nice little extra little high-end pop to
it and really sounds gorgeous if you
want to if you're a jazz cat you want to
eliminate that nice little high-end pop
which I dig you can roll back of a tone
control a little bit and get this nice
you get the idea of it sounds wicked
Greg Clark here at wire guitars with
this beautiful specimen sometimes one
pickup is all you need
sometimes one pickup so you deserve
Gibson Custom Shop Wes Montgomery l5
here Wildwood Gregory out